MEMORY_MAP.md, before:

###Important, this memory map is theoric, but can and will change in during the evolution of touhouOS

#what will not change
0x7c00 is the basic sector in which the code will boot (no choice for that anyway)

#important 

#ideas:

dump the gdt before unreal bios calls (i guess i will do that a lot before i actually bother having a proper implementation of usb/floppy disk/cd/sata controllers), and even then that will remain the first way of loading data before having drivers initialized. I guess memory_load_bios will still be a routine for legacy method of loading data. it will dump idt and GDT in a specified memory zone before doing real mode syscall and reinitializing them

memory before boot sector will be allocated to be the memory exchange place between the real mode and protected mode (0x500 -> 0x7BFF)

a real mode place will be located in (idea) 0x7E00. this programs will 1) load data keeping ES unreal mode addresses in order to perform the syscall.
the sector right after it will be a program which aims to go back to protected mode
A set number of sectors after this program the real mode program space will begin.

allocated memory to the idt/gdt setup will be determined later.

In this memory address space the actual memory map will be stored and get back using a "protected real syscall" in order to get the memory availible to the device and be able to make the MMU/memmap/pagination working

TOHOU OS will be located using special signature 'scarlet' before the end of the sector in its first stage bootloader

Commit message:

add of first part of first stage bootloader. Left to do is identify the signature and jump to second stage. Will load around 50 sectors for second stage (guess is for the current purpose, 4 would suffice, but still other things may be initialized at second stage such as memory map and video mode, even though plan is currently to stay in text mode for a little longer, but 132x60 may be more usefull to debug later, and as this os is called touhou os, a picture of the scarlet sisters will probably be added, requiring better video mode)

MEMORY_MAP.md, after:

###Important, this memory map is theoric, but can and will change in during the evolution of touhouOS

#what will not change
0x7c00 is the basic sector in which the code will boot (no choice for that anyway)

#important 

#ideas:

dump the gdt before unreal bios calls (i guess i will do that a lot before i actually bother having a proper implementation of usb/floppy disk/cd/sata controllers), and even then that will remain the first way of loading data before having drivers initialized. I guess memory_load_bios will still be a routine for legacy method of loading data. it will dump idt and GDT in a specified memory zone before doing real mode syscall and reinitializing them

memory before boot sector will be allocated to be the memory exchange place between the real mode and protected mode (0x500 -> 0x7BFF)

the idiotic way the data is going to be loaded is as follows :
-a program will be put in real mode address 0x7C00 (bootsector )
-the GDT, IDT, and all the required struff will be stored in let say 0x600
-switchity switch to real mode
-loady load at 0x2000 : 0000 (0x20000),100kiB at a time
-switch to pmode, restore the context (i guess PC will be stored at a fix place)
-copy newliy acquired data to the good place => if protected, don't copy the undesired data
-call as many times as needed




a real mode place will be located in (idea) 0x7E00. this programs will 1) load data keeping ES unreal mode addresses in order to perform the syscall.
the sector right after it will be a program which aims to go back to protected mode
A set number of sectors after this program the real mode program space will begin.

allocated memory to the idt/gdt setup will be determined later.

In this memory address space the actual memory map will be stored and get back using a "protected real syscall" in order to get the memory availible to the device and be able to make the MMU/memmap/pagination working

TOHOU OS will be located using special signature 'scarlet' before the end of the sector in its first stage bootloader
